fetch_system_config/README.md, before:

# Fetch System Config

This is the Git Build Package (GBP) repo for Research versions of Fetch/Freight.
All other tools (iso installer, documentation, etc), and the commercial version
of this package, are on the 'master' branch.

The latest tested fetch and freight system config debians are available from:

- http://packages.fetchrobotics/binaries/fetch-melodic-config.deb
- http://packages.fetchrobotics/binaries/freight-melodic-config.deb

However, for best results in upgrading, please follow
http://docs.fetchrobotics.com/care_and_feeding.html#updating-your-robot

# How the .debs are generated (but please use .debs above)

```bash
git clone git@github.com:fetchrobotics/fetch_robots.git # -b melodic-devel
cd fetch_robots/fetch_system_config
# If prepparing for a new release, update changelog
dch
# Bump version
dch --release
dpkg-buildpackage -us -uc
# Debians are placed in the parent directory
cd ..
ls *system*.deb
```

# TODO: catkin/standardize

This isn't a GBP anymore, it will be published to:

https://github.com/fetchrobotics-gbp/fetch_robots-release

Commit message:

Imported upstream version '0.9.3' of 'upstream'

fetch_system_config/README.md, after:

# Fetch System Config

This is the Git Build Package (GBP) folder the OS-level config package
for research versions of Fetch/Freight.

The latest tested fetch and freight system config debians are available from:

- http://packages.fetchrobotics/binaries/fetch-noetic-config.deb
- http://packages.fetchrobotics/binaries/freight-noetic-config.deb

However, for best results in upgrading, please follow
http://docs.fetchrobotics.com/care_and_feeding.html#updating-your-robot

# How the .debs are generated (but please use the .debs above)

```bash
git clone git@github.com:fetchrobotics/fetch_robots.git -b ros1
cd fetch_robots/fetch_system_config
# If preparing for a new release, update changelog
dch
# Bump version
dch --release
# Commit changelog
# Build the debian (which we upload to packages.fetchrobotics.com, per above)
dpkg-buildpackage -us -uc
# Debians are placed in the parent directory
cd ..
ls *system*.deb
```

# TODO: catkin/standardize

This isn't a GBP anymore, it will be published to:

https://github.com/fetchrobotics-gbp/fetch_robots-release
